docs: clarify code splitting behaviour in README (#100)
antfu/vite-plugin-components: README.md

That's all.

> Use components in templates as you would usually do but NO `import` and `component registration` required anymore! It will import components on demand, and if you use code splitting in a parent, auto-imported components will be code-split along with their parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use components in templates as you would usually do, it will import components on demand and there is no `import` and `component registration` required anymore! If you register the parent component asynchronously (or lazy route), the auto-imported components will be code-split along with their parent.
```
